the father leads one team the mother
intercepts a panicking elk they all
share the spoils but all is not quite as
collaborative as it seems this pack
strategy works well for the Alpha couple
but not quite so well for last year's
offspring the youngsters could have
their own pups but for the Alpha couple
that would mean more mouths to feed
unless for their litter so the Alpha
couple will actively discourage last
year's offspring from mating but one of
their daughters has other ideas
skulking behind the pack is a lone male
wolf he has no territory of his own but
follows the family scavenging leftovers
and looking for opportunities he spotted
one the young Porter
the intruder could be in with the chance
as long as he's not caught the pack
leader could kill him
while the pack is distracted by her
bison the temptation for the young
female is too great and she sneaks away
to join the mysterious stranger it's
risky but it could be her only chance to
get close to a potential mate
when mating rules lock together unable
to separate for half an hour to ensure
fertilization not so good if you're
about to be caught by your dad
the affair was always destined to be a
short one
after a painful separation her new mate
is chased away with his tail between his
legs